Improve error messages on repository creation (#10200)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Changes
=======

> - Changed the error message for failed repository creation, adding additional
>   information of the underlying failure to make it easier to understand the
>   root cause from the client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added detailed information to possible errors on ``repository`` creation to
  give better insights in the root cause of the error.
```

Changes
=======

- Added detailed information to possible errors on ``repository`` creation to

>   give better insights in the root cause of the error.

Reviewer: sorry my fault, I think it should be:
```suggestion
  give better insights on the root cause of the error.
```

Author: 👍
